Web

1. The User is authorized to use the Font and display online text onto
a Website, whose domain name (URL) is specified in the Invoice, as
well as for an unlimited number of sub-domains related to the domain
name specified in the Invoice, enabling the static display of the Font
exclusively on screen, whatever the access device used (personal
computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.). If a brand is identified in the
Invoice, the domains must be substantially dedicated to the licensed
brand, and the brand must be prominently displayed and identified on
the domains (or, if there are multiple brands, they must all be owned
by the User, and the Font may be used only for the licensed brand(s)).
The User may not install the Font in any manner whatsoever.
“Install” means making the font locally available to applications
on a device.

2. Addendum to Article 3.6 “Embed”: The User may embed the Font in
a website to render text in HTML pages via the @font-face CSS command,
and may copy the Font in databases produced by the User. The
reproduction of the Font is authorized in this circumstance only to
the extent that it is necessary to the use of the Font and its
execution to generate websites pages using the Font, and the
consultation and editing of text by website visitors of said website
pages using the Font.

3. Addendum to Article 3.2 “Copy”: For the exclusive purpose of
previewing certain files, the User is permitted to transfer a copy of
the Font used for previewing the relevant file to web developers and
web agencies, on the condition that there be no active use of the Font
(including but not limited to text formatting, editing, or
corrections). In the event active use of the Font is desired, such
service providers are required to purchase their own license. The User
is obligated to inform any such service provider about the content and
restrictions of this Agreement, including the prohibition against
reproducing, distributing, providing to the public, disseminating,
executing or more generally exploiting in any way, free or at cost,
the Font. Copies of the Font shall be deleted immediately after
performing the service. In the event the User is a service provider
and licenses the Font for its own use, the license does not cover the
use of the Font for any of the User’s customers, which must acquire
their own license. The User is permitted to transfer a copy of the
Font to a provider supplying remote web-based storage (such as remote
servers, cloud, and other similar services) to the User, as part of a
web use requiring the remote execution of the Font, it being
understood that the Font format may not be modified, and that only the
copy of the executable version of the Font, as provided by Production
Type, is authorized. The Font must not be supplied in a format that
enables extraction. If the correct functioning of the website created
by the User requires the storage of the Font in a remote storage space
in a format that enables the extraction, editing, alteration,
enrichment, or modification of the Font by a third party, the User is
required to inform the provider of the need to prevent any extraction
or representation of the Font, and all reproductions other than those
strictly necessary for the operation of the website. The User is
further required to prevent the unauthorized copy or extraction of the
Font, and in particular the linking to the Font from unauthorized
websites and domain names outside of those specified in the Invoice.
To prevent unauthorized use of the Font, such protection measures
include protection by Cross-Origin Resource Tracking (CORS) headers,
and the use of a .htaccess file.

4. The User is not authorized to print elements displayed on screen
containing the Font. The use of the Font is authorized for static text
only, not dynamic. Use for dynamic text editable by a third party or
the displaying and printing of variable data is not part of this
license. The dynamic display of the Font, and the dynamic rasterizing
and rendering of the Font as bitmap or vector images, or the dynamic
embedding of the Font in electronic documents, is not authorized
either. To further clarify, the use of the Font to generate static
documents (e.g., variable data printing, automatic PDF generation, or
print-on-demand products) is not authorized. Use in banners, pop-up
advertising, email newsletters, and HTML5 ads on third parties web
servers and websites is not authorized.

5. The User must own and control the domain name on which the Font
will be used. The User shall indemnify Production Type against all
representations or reproductions of the Font outside of the license,
particularly in the form of a copy, extraction, or direct links. The
User acknowledges that it is solely liable in the case of a copy,
representation, reproduction, or extraction of the Font, particularly
outside the domain name specified in the Invoice.
